---
title: Week 3 - Lightning Report
date: 2022-09-29
---

## Results

 + The Skylarks beat the Cheetahs to knock them off the top spot of the league and hand their first loss, in what the app’s matchup report described as an “annihilation” of 144 to 98

 + The Rifles narrowly beat out CRT thanks to a 39.42 point bonanza courtesy of one Lamar Jackson

 + Though neither had a blowout game, the Collies defeated CCL to move all the way to the top of the table. The bird-eating dogs from southern Argentina are now the only undefeated 3-0 team, though they face a ramping schedule of teams with increasing form, having only dealt with 277 points-against so far. 

 + Lockett Down and TBC kept us in suspense for MNF, when Barkley pulled it out, scoring 5 points over projection to hand LOC a narrow 94 to 92 victory. 

 + Packers FC once again had bad news, beaten 84-122 by Beginners Luck. Even PFC’s optimal lineup score of 90.48 would have fallen short of victory, a disappointing sign for a team with ostensibly a lot of high profile names on the roster. BGL rise to 2-1. 

 + The Brady Bunch broke into the top 5 by beating Hubble’s side, who could have won the day with their optimal lineup, but lost 107-125. 

 + Naperville Bearcats suffered a fall from great heights, losing four places in the table after Mayfield Bakery handed them their tails; 110-88. Unlucky, or sign of things to come?

## Scenes we’ve seen

The commissioner rapidly corrected a statement in the tournament description to clarify that the scoring system for Pigskin Junkies league is in fact PPR. 

“Did you not wonder why everyone was scoring 110+ points” he levelled, at one team boss. 

Complaints were proferred about response times of some owners to trade offers. The editor would encourage everyone to send a personal WhatsApp message along with any trade offer, to make it a warm contact rather than a cold handover. After all, a trade proposition is salesmanship at the end of the day. 

Franchise owners also proposed that the trade review window be shortened from 3 days. 

## Head up, wrap up

With 11 weeks left, everything can change. Let’s see what Week 4 brings, starting tonight with Thursday Night Football. Good luck, ballers!!