---
title: Week 2
date: 2022-09-21
---

Only three teams marched through the weekend's action with an unbeaten streak: *The Cheetahs*, *Naperville Bearcats*, and *Esquel Collies*.

However, of these, **CHE** and **ESQ** also rank in the lowest three for points-scored-against -- signifying easy matchups faced so far. 

*Packers FC* are at the other end of the board. But, having faced two of the top four teams already, they can expect a softening schedule as the season progresses, beginning with their Week 3 matchup against #11 *Beginners Luck*.

## High Score

This week saw some jaw-dropping individual player contributions, as three active QBs, two RBs, and five WRs all posted more than 30 points, with Stefon Diggs topping the charts at 44.80. The Bucs Defence also notably bagged 26 points for the *Esquel Collies*.

Speaking of Diggs, the "Minneapolis Miracle" man created another comparable moment for *The category is 'country love'* this week, compensating for two zeroes on their board and eking out a 139.28 to 136.98 win over the *Southport Skylarks*. 

> The "you don't need a kicker" argument from one Josh Kendrew was successful for me this week... as I was lacking a kicker -- Grace Joslin (**CCL**)

As the Skylarks GM and your distinguished editor, I would like to point out that there are numerous situations in which this doesn't happen, including but not limited to: Matt Prater scoring more than 1 point, and my fielding Kareem Hunt and/or Amari Cooper over Edmonds or Hardman. But "shoulda woulda coulda" never has carried any weight in the NFL.

## TBC win confirmed

Another comeback appeared in the match between **TBC** and *The Red Rifles*. Wiggins may have thought he had it in the bag with a 34 point lead, but TBC brought it back as Jaylen Waddle carried the team to victory with 40.10 points.

## Lockett Downbeaten

Frenemies from a previous parallel league, Andrew Trebble and Tom Baskerville faced off this week. To quote the former:

> I gave my boys a stern talking to after last week's horror show performance; I think Nick Chubb felt newcomer James Robinson breathing down his neck for a place in the squad! Nice to avenge last year's defeat to Tom Baskerville. -- Andrew Trebble (**CRT**)

## Close season

With most teams sitting at 1-1 in the middle of the table, there's a lot of churn coming for the overall standings -- it's a close league with everything to play for! That's why we can't get enough of that sweet pigskin 🐖
 
