---
title: Week 4 - Lightning Report
date: 2022-10-06
---

## Results

 + Week 4 gave us our first "marriage poison" matchup, with Grace's CCL facing Bryn's TBB side. The latter faced the possibility of a night in the spare room after handing over a 144-104 pummeling; the third straight win for an ascendant Brady Bunch.
 
 + Also on the up are BGL, who - no longer beginners - are on a 2 win streak. The team were bouyed by strong numbers across the board; Brady, Hall, Jefferson, Brown, and Koo all put in more than a day's work. TBC fall to 1-3.
 
 + CRT beat PFC by just 6 points in a close contest. Trebble's side suffered a number of low-performing players in Lawrence, Robinson, and Kirk. In fact, if Najee Harris had hit his projection for PFC, they'd have had their first win in the bag.
 
 + Better bench management by BRR still couldn't have saved them from the dominant display put on by RED last weekend. Hubble's optimum score of 129 would be better than their 86.48 actual, but still not enough in the face of 151 points by their adversaries. The Rifles improve to 3-1. 
 
> "Does anyone wanna take over picking my team next week?" -- Jonny Hubble 
> (great coaches delegate - ed)

 + The Cheetahs (CHE) beat Mayfield Bakery (MFB), bringing it back for the win in a game where the lead changed three times (according to the app). Eventually CHE won it on Sunday night after strong performances from all of their WRs.
 
 + ESQ Collies continue their winning streak, herding the NAP bearcats into a 131-102 defeat. This despite Wallbank fielding his optimal lineup (well done Mike).
 
 + Trouble for the other Griff, as the Skylarks (SKY) were Beaten Down by Lockett Down (LCD). Though both teams struggled, the Southport side simply lacked the depth to put forward a productive offense. LCD improve to 3-1 and leapfrog their opponent in the tables. The Larks fall to 7th.

## Around the league

Trades and waivers were both busy this week as coaches battle injured lineups. At least 4 teams bid on Josh Reynolds, Lions WR, with both BGL and BRR staking $10 each (10% of their annual budgets). Hubble came away with him on squad, thanks to a higher priority. BGL meanwhile did successfully pick up Raheem Mostert for another cool $10.

In fairness, with an average of $7/week to spend, all teams are on or within their spending runway for the season, with CRT having spent the most, sitting presently on $72.

Will it make a difference? Who will reap the spoils? Tune in to find out.
